# April 16 TA Meeting notes

## Agenda:
- 3:20 - 3:40

## Attendance:
- Albert Ho
- Prachi Heda
- Shelby (TA)


## Notes:

### Feedback
- continue keeping meeting notes in repo 
- only logo so far for branding -> should add a few more things
- good feedback on video! (compress videos from now on, or add it to youtube/google drive)
- we had readme files in all the folders. Moving forward, clone through computer. 
- use gitkeep to create folders (github does not allow us to push empty folders)
- use github issues or github project boards. even though it might be useful for warmup, it is super important for project
- take into account strengths and weaknesses of everyone 
- SWOT analysis should be as honest as possible! Understand where we can help everyone be brought up to speed.
- complete the minimum required for warmup -> make sure we have step 1 deployed before doing step 2. 


## Accomplished/Progress:


## Diagrams
