# June 6 Meeting Notes

## Agenda
- 11:00 AM - Start meeting
- 10:30 PM - Meeting adjourned!

## Attendance
- Albert Ho
- Prachi Heda
- Charlie Zhu
- Austin Choi
- Inchul Kim
- Minnie Zhang
- Nadine Apresto
- Samantha Phan
- Skyler Nguyen
- Srujam Dave
- Svetlana Bobiles

## Notes
- Working together (avoid merge conflicts)
- Both teams
  - Frontend
  - Backend
- Hackathon style
  - Work on it all together
  - Split into groups
  - Final push until the code freeze
- Locations
  - Franklin Antonio Hall
- 11-10pm

## Application planning
Frontend: 
- Fix Styling on Landing Page and Onboarding page
- Fix the Form functionality bugs
- Fix the posters
- Reorganize our repo
- Update meeting notes
  
Backend:
- Finish testing
  - unit tests
  - e2e tests
- Code styling must be done to js files
- edit needs to update

Both Teams:
- Work on Private/Public Video

## Accomplished
Frontend:
- Added:
    - Added text to buttons to describe function
    - Added styling for submit button
    - Changed scroll text speed
- Fixed bugs:
    - Duplicate form popping up
    - Form placement
    - Button status for adding/editing ticket
    - Poster size
    - Ticket booth size

Backend:
- Edit button updates the form
- Unit tests are completed
- E2E tests 
- Error Page created

Both: 
- Idea for private/public videos
  - Script/outline completed